README.md, before:

#### Module 1 Lecture Code and Videos

- 01 - Hashketball Review [video](https://youtu.be/X02k_C_qD18) | [code](https://github.com/learn-co-students/dc-web-071618/tree/master/01-hashketball-review)
- 02 - Hashes and the Internet  [video](https://youtu.be/h4OMnjVzfzg) | [code](https://github.com/learn-co-students/dc-web-071618/tree/master/02-apis-and-the-internet)
- 03 - Intro to OO [video](https://youtu.be/4E3gf2c4vcI) | [code](https://github.com/learn-co-students/dc-web-071618/tree/master/03-intro-to-oo)
- 04 - One to Many [video](https://youtu.be/1eNPnuMaet8) | [code](https://github.com/learn-co-students/dc-web-071618/tree/master/04-one-to-many)
- 05 - Has Many Through [video](https://youtu.be/8rA9GiqB3hw)  | [code](https://github.com/learn-co-students/dc-web-071618/tree/master/05-has-many-through)
- 06 - SQL Review [video](https://youtu.be/k8HP2P8xpxM) | [code](https://github.com/learn-co-students/dc-web-071618/tree/master/06-intro-sql)
- 07 - ORMs [video](https://youtu.be/P6BxzSN4kic) [code](https://github.com/learn-co-students/dc-web-071618/tree/master/07-intro-to-orms)
- 08 - OO Ruby Review [video](https://youtu.be/LHlYXhYvXTk) | [code](https://github.com/learn-co-students/dc-web-071618/tree/master/08-oo-review)
- 09 - Intro to ActiveRecord [video](https://youtu.be/P6BxzSN4kic) | [code](https://github.com/learn-co-students/dc-web-071618/tree/master/09-intro-to-activerecord)


#### Blog Presentation Schedule

August 2 - John, Jeffrey, Jennifer, Jon

August 9 - Juliana, Aubree, Peter, Molly, Laura

August 16 - John, Jeffrey, Jennifer, Jon

August 23 - Juliana, Aubree, Peter, Molly, Laura

August 30 - John, Jeffrey, Jennifer, Jon, Laura

September 4 - Juliana, Aubree, Peter, Molly

September 13 - John, Jeffrey, Jennifer, Jon, Laura

September 20 - Juliana, Aubree, Peter, Molly

September 27 - John, Jeffrey, Jennifer, Jon, Laura

October 4 - Juliana, Aubree, Peter, Molly

October 13 - John, Jeffrey, Jennifer, Jon, Laura

October 20 - Juliana, Aubree, Peter, Molly

<iframe src="https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=flatironschool.com_ofeviccfpkbav8cotoadof0pl0%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FNew_York" style="border: 0" width="800" height="600" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"></iframe>

Commit message:

link to rack and the internet

README.md, after:

#### Module 1 Lecture Code and Videos

- 01 - Hashketball Review [video](https://youtu.be/X02k_C_qD18) | [code](https://github.com/learn-co-students/dc-web-071618/tree/master/01-hashketball-review)
- 02 - Hashes and the Internet  [video](https://youtu.be/h4OMnjVzfzg) | [code](https://github.com/learn-co-students/dc-web-071618/tree/master/02-apis-and-the-internet)
- 03 - Intro to OO [video](https://youtu.be/4E3gf2c4vcI) | [code](https://github.com/learn-co-students/dc-web-071618/tree/master/03-intro-to-oo)
- 04 - One to Many [video](https://youtu.be/1eNPnuMaet8) | [code](https://github.com/learn-co-students/dc-web-071618/tree/master/04-one-to-many)
- 05 - Has Many Through [video](https://youtu.be/8rA9GiqB3hw)  | [code](https://github.com/learn-co-students/dc-web-071618/tree/master/05-has-many-through)
- 06 - SQL Review [video](https://youtu.be/k8HP2P8xpxM) | [code](https://github.com/learn-co-students/dc-web-071618/tree/master/06-intro-sql)
- 07 - ORMs [video](https://youtu.be/P6BxzSN4kic) [code](https://github.com/learn-co-students/dc-web-071618/tree/master/07-intro-to-orms)
- 08 - OO Ruby Review [video](https://youtu.be/LHlYXhYvXTk) | [code](https://github.com/learn-co-students/dc-web-071618/tree/master/08-oo-review)
- 09 - Intro to ActiveRecord [video](https://youtu.be/P6BxzSN4kic) | [code](https://github.com/learn-co-students/dc-web-071618/tree/master/09-intro-to-activerecord)
- 10 - ActiveRecord Associations [video](https://youtu.be/6rrw-Pw58IA) | [code](https://github.com/learn-co-students/dc-web-071618/tree/master/10-activerecord-associations)
- 11 - Rack and the Internet [video](https://youtu.be/7BYthkhqhhI) | [code](https://github.com/learn-co-students/dc-web-071618/tree/master/11-internet-intro)

#### Blog Presentation Schedule

August 2 - John, Jeffrey, Jennifer, Jon

August 9 - Juliana, Aubree, Peter, Molly, Laura

August 16 - John, Jeffrey, Jennifer, Jon

August 23 - Juliana, Aubree, Peter, Molly, Laura

August 30 - John, Jeffrey, Jennifer, Jon, Laura

September 4 - Juliana, Aubree, Peter, Molly

September 13 - John, Jeffrey, Jennifer, Jon, Laura

September 20 - Juliana, Aubree, Peter, Molly

September 27 - John, Jeffrey, Jennifer, Jon, Laura

October 4 - Juliana, Aubree, Peter, Molly

October 13 - John, Jeffrey, Jennifer, Jon, Laura

October 20 - Juliana, Aubree, Peter, Molly

<iframe src="https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=flatironschool.com_ofeviccfpkbav8cotoadof0pl0%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FNew_York" style="border: 0" width="800" height="600" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"></iframe>
